fix!(trace): simplify tracing and only write data in complete batches (#1437)
celestiaorg/celestia-core: pkg/trace/README.md

}
```

### Event Collection

Collect the events after the data collection is completed by simply transfering
the files however you see fit. For example, using the `scp` command:

```bash
scp -r user@host:/path/to/.celestia-app/data/traces /path/to/local/directory
```

> or using aws s3 (after setting up the aws cli ofc):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or using aws s3 (after [setting up the aws cli](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-quickstart.html)):
```
